welcome to italian cuisine
at home today how to cleanse
whole prawns and tails, you
can mail  inquiries
about whatevever of you interest
to italian cuisine at home,
so cleansing prawns is quite easy,
the most important is to try
not to damage their tails
so we staat from the
central part of the prawn
remove the shell
trying to preserve,
if not yet broken,
the tail top because in many
recipes it could be a nice garnish
as soon as the shell is removed
start
with the most important but less
funny part of the tails cleansing
cut
the upper part
using a jagged knife
very easy to do
and look for the
intestin
the black vein
which I don' want
to find in my dish
we remove it using a sharp knife
now the prawn tail is
ready to be rinsed
dried and cooked
cleansing a prawns tail is
very easy, it is also very easy
to cleanse a whole
prawn, pay only attention
it not to break, if possible,
so it is better to cut
always with a jagged knife
or a sharp knife
as this one
the lower part of the shell, so
you will be sure to remove it
without problems,
in the same way we cleanse
prawns, we cleanse also shrimps
we remove tail and shell
then we separe tail from shell
paying attention
it not to break
if
the prawn is without tail as now
we can also press it
until out of the shell
as soon as shelled
at first we cut
and remove
the intestin
that here, we are lucky,
is empty